remove specifying shots on call to qnode (#9469)
PennyLaneAI/pennylane: doc/development/deprecations.rst

Completed deprecation cycles
----------------------------

> * Specifying ``shots`` as a keyword argument when executing a :class:`~.QNode` is deprecated and will be removed in v0.44.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Specifying ``shots`` as a keyword argument when executing a :class:`~.QNode` has been removed.
```

  Instead, please set shots on ``QNode`` initialization, or use the :func:`~.workflow.set_shots` transform to set the number of shots.

  - Deprecated in v0.43

>   - Removed in v0.44

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - Removed in v0.46
```
